README.md, before:

# ROS - Elixir

> Caution: this repo is still under development. I don't yet have
> solutions for interoperability with `rosrun` or `roslaunch`. Please use only
> for development purposes and curiosity only.

ROS Elixir is fully compatible with the regular way of making publishers,
subscribers, services, and service proxies. You can do so like so:

## Example Publisher

```elixir
use ROS

children = [
  node(:"/mynode", [
    publisher(:mypub, "chatter", "std_msgs/String")
  ])
]

Supervisor.start_link(children, strategy: :one_for_one)

for n <- 1..100 do
  Publisher.publish(:mypub, %StdMsgs.String{data: "This is my #{n}th message!"})
end
```

## Example Subscriber

```elixir
use ROS

callback = fn %StdMsgs.String{data: data} ->
  IO.puts(data)
end

children = [
  node(:"/mynode", [
    subscriber("chatter", "std_msgs/String", callback)
  ])
]

Supervisor.start_link(children, strategy: :one_for_one)
```

## Example Service

```elixir
use ROS

callback = fn %RospyTutorials.AddTwoInts.Request{a: a, b: b} ->
  %RospyTutorials.AddTwoInts.Response{sum: a + b}
end

children = [
  node(:"/mynode", [
    service("add_two_ints", "rospy_tutorials/AddTwoInts", callback)
  ])
]

Supervisor.start_link(children, strategy: :one_for_one)
```

## Example Service Proxy

```elixir
use ROS

children = [
  node(:"/mynode", [
    service_proxy(:myproxy, "add_two_ints", "rospy_tutorials/AddTwoInts")
  ]
]

Supervisor.start_link(children, strategy: :one_for_one)

ServiceProxy.request(:myproxy, %RospyTutorials.AddTwoInts.Request{a: 3, b: 4})
#=> {:ok, %RospyTutorials.AddTwoInts.Response{sum: 7}}
```

See the `example_ws` directory for an example app.

Commit message:

change development note
sry y'all that took way too long, kinda forgot about this library
after getting the minimum possible stuff working

please fork if you want to use elixir for robotics :)

elixir already has the wonderful nerves product, why not more
robotics!!

README.md, after:

# ROS - Elixir

> Caution: I don't really work no this repo any more as I don't have a robot
> running ROS these days. There are outstanding needs for
> solutions for interoperability with `rosrun` or `roslaunch`. Please use only
> for development purposes and curiosity only. Forks welcome :)

ROS Elixir is fully compatible with the regular way of making publishers,
subscribers, services, and service proxies. You can do so like so:

## Example Publisher

```elixir
use ROS

children = [
  node(:"/mynode", [
    publisher(:mypub, "chatter", "std_msgs/String")
  ])
]

Supervisor.start_link(children, strategy: :one_for_one)

for n <- 1..100 do
  Publisher.publish(:mypub, %StdMsgs.String{data: "This is my #{n}th message!"})
end
```

## Example Subscriber

```elixir
use ROS

callback = fn %StdMsgs.String{data: data} ->
  IO.puts(data)
end

children = [
  node(:"/mynode", [
    subscriber("chatter", "std_msgs/String", callback)
  ])
]

Supervisor.start_link(children, strategy: :one_for_one)
```

## Example Service

```elixir
use ROS

callback = fn %RospyTutorials.AddTwoInts.Request{a: a, b: b} ->
  %RospyTutorials.AddTwoInts.Response{sum: a + b}
end

children = [
  node(:"/mynode", [
    service("add_two_ints", "rospy_tutorials/AddTwoInts", callback)
  ])
]

Supervisor.start_link(children, strategy: :one_for_one)
```

## Example Service Proxy

```elixir
use ROS

children = [
  node(:"/mynode", [
    service_proxy(:myproxy, "add_two_ints", "rospy_tutorials/AddTwoInts")
  ]
]

Supervisor.start_link(children, strategy: :one_for_one)

ServiceProxy.request(:myproxy, %RospyTutorials.AddTwoInts.Request{a: 3, b: 4})
#=> {:ok, %RospyTutorials.AddTwoInts.Response{sum: 7}}
```

See the `example_ws` directory for an example app.
